.SS Cloudflare \- July 2015 onwards.
Couple months after lastminute.com was bought things started to look like
company acquisition related layoffs are coming, so I moved on.
.I London
at this point still felt like a reasonable place to live, so I decided to
find something else from the same town.  While looking Cloudflare got my
attention as a company that is using
.IR golang ,
so I decided to send a CV to them and see if I could get a programmer
position.  That did not turn out to happen, but I got
.I systems reliability engineer (SRE)
position.
.PP
When I joined Cloudflare it had ridiculously large installation, it handled
more requests and traffic I've ever seen.  During my time in Cloudflare the
company has doubled everything.  At September 2017 scale is over 100 points
of presense, thousands of servers, 2 terabits of traffic flows, and 2
million requests per second.  As an SRE my duties has included
.IR "on-call shifts" ,
.IR "attack mitigations" ,
.I salt stack
configuration management, and
.I release engineer
work.  Due the sheer number of releases I have taken care of I was asked to
formalize
.IR "release process" .
.PP
There are lots of smart people in Cloudflare, who are doing all sorts of
clever things.  I cannot say I am familiar with all what is going on, but
during my period here I did come familar with
.IR Grafana ,
and
.I Prometheus
monitoring,
.IR "Perceus provisioning" ,
and
.I Circus
process manager.  I wish I would have had more time to get familiar with
other technologies in use, such as Kafka, Mesosphere and Marathon, Apache
Flink, and golang, but my job was only to see from users perspective how
these work.
.PP
One of the takings from Cloudflare is an experience to be part of company
that is structured to follow the sun setup.  The company has SREs in London,
San Francisco, and Singapore.  That means three handovers per day.  Lesson
never gets old, it is the clear communications that make and break days.
It really does matter what to be verbose and accurate in
.I git
commit messages,
.IR HipChat ,
.IR "Jira tickets" ,
and in
.IR Confluence 
documenation.  I am pretty sure my influence to Cloudflare has been positive
with making others to follow my practises, such as not assuming people can
read your mind.
